docs: latest releases (#5231)
openfoodfacts/smooth-app: README.md

## Current Release

- Latest commit deployed to Apple App Store: Released on Feb 26 2024 as Version 4.13.1

> - Latest commit deployed to PlayStore: 792 from Nov 6th 11AM

Author: ```suggestion
- Latest commit deployed to PlayStore: 1379 Released on Feb 24 2024 9:42 PM
```

> - Latest commit deployed to Apple App Store: Released on Nov 29th as Build 835

Author: ```suggestion
- Latest commit deployed to Apple App Store: Released on Feb 26 2024 as Version 4.13.1
```
